apple and windows laptop computer repair and services bankstown area
163 Waterloo Road, Greenacre NSW

Repair and service of Macbook pro , macbook, mac book air and all models of IMacs
Repair of All branded laptops Dell , HP , Lenov, Acer . Sony . Asus . and other models
Liquid ( juice , water , coffee , tea and Alchohal ) Damages of All above Models
Data Back up and Data Recovery of all apple and windows machines
All software/hardware solutions for school, home, office, gaming
Special for the months

$59 Any software installation Windows/Apple/Linux /MYOB and others ( Conditions Apply )

we fix/troubleshoot Macbook iMac PC Laptop

no fix no charge

163 waterloo Road Greenacre view on map

Paceetch Solution Australia

Sale and service PC notebook and MAcbook

spare parts and service for major brands:


We fix:

 Macbook pro , macbook, mac book air and all branded laptops motherboard problems(( we fix liquid damage too)


 PS3, XBOX , Wii, repair/upgrade


 Broken screen/keyboards replacement


 Power jack , Hinges , battery problems


 Laptop/desktop repair and upgrades


 Virus/spyware removal,


 Internet issues,


 data backup, recovery


 All software/hardware solutions for school, home, office, gaming


 Printer


 Wireless, Broadband, Network Problems


 Internet Email setup


 Internet ADSL installations


 PC and Mobile accessories

Blue screen no problems


*Defragmentation

- Loaner computer when yours is being repaired

Configure a network to share files and printers

Printer share Network

Configure a backup for your important files

We have reliable service provider of web development, web hosting, web host, on site, cheap, affordable.

we can build brand new computers of your choice and setup the network for the cheapest price in town. eg. Intel i7, i5 or i3 3rd generation computers with Discrete graphic card of your choice. ( gaming PC )


 Onsite service


 Complete IT solutions


Your data can be recovered

Want to recycle your computers/electronic equipment ( we handle it )

We are Affordable, Reliable, and Professional.


Qualified Engineers/technicians

Our expert technicians are here to help you, from removing viruses to setting up wireless networks and printers. In fact, we guarantee that we can find a solution to your problem or you don’t pay – it’s simple

we provide fast and Professional Onsite Services in the Eastern Suburbs


P:02 866 855 70

Mob: 
0452
33 5607

E: 
pacetech
@
gmail
.
com

163 waterloo Road Greenacre

No Fix, No charge

we come to you
